AN-27024 (#118)
libremfg/rhize-docs: content/reference/core-configuration.md

---
title: 'Core configuration'
categories: ["reference"]
description: Configuration for the Rhize core
weight: 900
menu:
  main:
    parent: reference
    identifier:
---

>  Core acts as a bespoke edge agent, overseeing data sources such as OPC-UA servers, and managing the publication and subscription of topics within the NATS messaging system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Core service oversees data sources such as OPC-UA servers and manages the publication and subscription of topics within the NATS messaging system.
```

Reviewer: Simplifiying to remove any confusion with the Agent service, and most of the Core behavior is really interesting only internally, so no need to explain too much.

## logging

 Logs the configuration to the console.

| Attributes          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `type`              | Specifies the logging configuration type: `json`, `multi`, or console by default. <br />(Default: `console`)                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`              | Specifies the logging configuration type: `json`, `multi`, or `console`. <br />(Default: `console`)                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                 
```

|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `serverUrl`         | The URL of the OpenTelemetry server. <br />(Default: `localhost:4317`)                                                                                                                         | 
| `samplingRate`      | The sampling rate for for traces. <br />(Default: `1`)                                                                                                                                         | 

## SECRET

| Attributes          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `KEY`               | The SECRET KEY used for authorization within Core.       |                                                                                                                                                 

Reviewer: Why is secret key in caps?

Author: The secret key config in Core is written like that in the config file, so we wanted to replicated its syntax exactly as seen.
